(feat):The first working version of the addon (#1)
collective/volto-sentry: readme.md

# volto-sentry

## Features

> ### Extends the Volto functionalities by providing a way to easily integrate Sentry.io into your project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Volto add-on that provides Sentry.io integration
```

> ### Extends the Volto functionalities by providing a way to easily integrate Sentry.io into your project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Volto add-on that integrates [Sentry.io](https://sentry.io/welcome/) into your project.
```

## Prerequisites
  
  1. In Sentry create a new organization, and add a project to it.
  2. Create an API Token: on the top left corner, click on your name -> API keys and create a new token, "project:write" scope should be selected.

> ## Buildtime && Runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Buildtime and Runtime
```

>   The configuration is done using environment variables:

Reviewer: Remove indentation.

```suggestion
The configuration is done using environment variables:

```

>   * SENTRY_DSN - required to enable the feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `SENTRY_DSN` - required to enable the feature
```

>   * SENTRY_URL - the url of sentry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `SENTRY_URL` - the URL of Sentry
```

>   * SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN - the authentication token for sentry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN` - the authentication token for Sentry
```

>   * SENTRY_ORG - the name of the organization in sentry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `SENTRY_ORG` - the name of the organization in Sentry
```

>   * SENTRY_PROJECT -the name of the project in sentry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `SENTRY_PROJECT` -the name of the project in Sentry
```

>   * SENTRY_RELEASE - release number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `SENTRY_RELEASE` - release number
```

>   If these env variables are configured, when the app is built or starts locally, a new release will be created in sentry, and the source code and source maps will be uploaded to it. After starting the application if an error will occure, the errors will be sent to sentry, and will be linked to the specified release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If these environment variables are configured, when the app is built or starts locally, a new release will be created in Sentry.
The source code and source maps will be uploaded to Sentry, too.
After starting the application, if an error occurs, the errors will be sent to Sentry, and will be linked to the specified release.
```

## Upgrade

### Upgrading to 6.x

> This version requires: `@plone/volto >= 16.0.0.alpha.45` (`sentry` removed from Volto Core).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version requires `@plone/volto >= 16.0.0.alpha.45` (`sentry` removed from Volto Core).
```

## Installing the addon

> 1. If you already have a volto project, just update `package.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you already have a Volto project, update `package.json`:
```

>    ```JSON

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```json
```

   "addons": [
      "@collective/volto-sentry"
   ],

   "dependencies": {
      "@collective/volto-sentry": "*"
   }
   ```

1. If not, create one:

   ```
   npm install -g yo @plone/generator-volto

>    yo @plone/volto my-volto-project --canary --addon @collective/volto-sentry

Reviewer: We do not want people to use `--canary` by default.

```suggestion
   yo @plone/volto my-volto-project --addon @collective/volto-sentry
```

   cd my-volto-project
   ```

> 1. Install new addons and restart Volto:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install new add-ons and restart Volto:
```

## Features

> - A Volto add-on that provides Sentry.io integration

Reviewer: A link is helpful.

```suggestion
A Volto add-on that provides [Sentry.io](https://sentry.io/welcome/) integration.
```
